[Music]
Hello everyone, my dear Lovers
of the heart, Rocío Carrasco has
surprised with her signing for the new
RTVE Talent Show, which will put her
back in the media spotlight.
The daughter of Rocío Jurado will become a
Star contestant on Celebrity Bakof,
a new format that will
test the talent of celebrities with
baking. The contest will hit
our screens during the first
quarter of 2024 and will feature Paula
Vázquez as presenter every week.
Rocío Carrasco will compete alongside other
celebrities to become the best
baker, which means that she is returning
to television after having
been on several programs telling her
experiences in the past after being
considered persona Non grata on Tele5.
Rocío Carrasco has found her place on
RTV. Leave your opinions in the comments
and I will be reading them. I
send you a huge hug.